but he's still really really healthy
since he's mining every single expansion
and even a high yield and Generals only
mining he it's not even my name this
year he just started my English so he's
only mining out of his expansion dis is
all gone awry this is a hook on to this
is this is a huge inner really needs
these two expansions otherwise he will
lose this game however you think that
pushing out the best idea well he's
denying i thunk you his high yield
nothing left on a problem corner though
we see uh I funk you going for the
natural
should be
off our generals forces on the top right
now and this is going to be enough to
take out quality piece
the notion time
gave nothing but luck
again and I funk you got over 10,000 to
know right now
looking badminton
questions you know still can come back
from this though because I funk you did
invest heavily in battle cruisers and
whoa okay but this time bal cruises have
backed up by vikings and even if general
can micro well as he has done all game
this is gonna be free brother
coming pretty rough getting past all
those
and balance
Jesus high-yield needs to suspension
down here and he needs this one right
here to look at look at this this is a
three-way attack one right here bring
one right here on one right here really
good control really good
my violin players all around
take a lot of biking first we're going
to
a total value
however while he was busy my going we
see this right here I think you has
landed some units inside a grown up
secondary baby
the nose teaching pencil my girls down
but
the onslaught of units pouring in and in
and in wow that was a really long and
really action-filled phils game I'm glad
I have got to cast it and sorry if I
didn't do a great job but once again
this is Balki ray I'm signing out yeah